README.md, before:

CU Cyber Presentations
======================

In this repository are the markdown sources to presentations given by CU Cyber. Up-to-date builds of the presentations are available at [https://cucyber.net/presentations.html](https://cucyber.net/presentations.html).


## Dependencies

* git
* rsync
* python3
* inotify-tools


### Debian/Ubuntu/Kali

```sh
$ sudo apt install git rsync python3 inotify-tools
```


### RedHat/CentOS

```sh
$ sudo yum install epel-release
$ sudo yum install git rsync python34 inotify-tools
```


### Fedora

```sh
$ sudo dnf install git rsync inotify-tools
```


### Arch

```sh
$ sudo pacman -S git rsync inotify-tools
```


### Gentoo

```sh
$ sudo emerge git python:3.4 inotify-tools
```


## Building

To build all of the presentations into a hostable directory, edit the 'makefile' as desired and run `make`. All of the necessary files that should be put on a web server will be created in the 'public' directory.


## Testing

To build all of the presentations and host them on a temporary local server, edit the 'makefile' as desired and run `make serve`. Open your web browser to 'http://localhost:8000/'.


## Updating

To build all of the presenations and upload them to the website automatically, edit the 'makefile' as desired and for the website git repository location and run `make update`. You must have push access to the repository at the specified directory.


## Cleaning

To clean out any generated files, run `make clean`.

Commit message:

add new serve.py which works on Python 2 and 3 and optionally uses python-watchdog

README.md, after:

CU Cyber Presentations
======================

In this repository are the markdown sources to presentations given by CU Cyber. Up-to-date builds of the presentations are available at [https://cucyber.net/presentations.html](https://cucyber.net/presentations.html).


## Dependencies

* git
* rsync
* python
* python-watchdog (optional; for automatic rebuilding on presentation change)


### Debian/Ubuntu/Kali

```sh
$ sudo apt install git rsync python-watchdog
```


### RedHat/CentOS

```sh
$ sudo yum install epel-release
$ sudo yum install git rsync
```


### Fedora

```sh
$ sudo dnf install git rsync python3-watchdog
```


### Arch

```sh
$ sudo pacman -S git rsync python-watchdog
```


### Gentoo

```sh
$ sudo emerge dev-vcs/git dev-python/watchdog
```


## Building

To build all of the presentations into a hostable directory, edit the 'makefile' as desired and run `make`. All of the necessary files that should be put on a web server will be created in the 'public' directory.


## Testing

To build all of the presentations and host them on a temporary local server, edit the 'makefile' as desired and run `make serve`. Open your web browser to 'http://localhost:8080/'.


## Updating

To build all of the presenations and upload them to the website automatically, edit the 'makefile' as desired and for the website git repository location and run `make update`. You must have push access to the repository at the specified directory.


## Cleaning

To clean out any generated files, run `make clean`.
